add a how-to guide for the new LS trace <> LGP logs feature (#916)
langchain-ai/langsmith-docs: docs/observability/how_to_guides/langgraph_platform_logs.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 15
---

import { RegionalUrl } from "@site/src/components/RegionalUrls";

# View server logs for a trace

When viewing a trace that was generated by a run in LangGraph Platform, you can access the associated server logs directly from the trace view.

## Access server logs from trace view

> In the trace view, look for the **See Logs** button in the top right corner, next to the **Run in Studio** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the trace view, use the **See Logs** button in the top right corner, next to the **Run in Studio** button.
```

![](./static/view_server_logs_button.png)

Clicking this button will take you to the server logs view for the associated deployment in LangGraph Platform.

## Server logs view

The server logs view displays logs from both:

- **LangGraph Server's own operational logs** - Internal server operations, API calls, and system events
- **User application logs** - Logs written in your graph with:
  - Python: Use the `logging` or `structlog` libraries

>   - JavaScript: Use the re-exported Winston logger from `@langchain/langgraph-sdk/logging`:

Author: probably not. I would do that if this were a more official and exhaustive list, but this list was just thrown together based on the type of things you could expect to see
